Let's go back, Riko.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Riko?
Alright, good job.
You're dismissed.
Why are you here?
Why?
You mean that?
I killed Satoru Gojo.
Is that so?
Die.
Don't rush.
Tombs of the Star and
the cursed warehouse are hidden barriers.
You can't station people at the entrance.
So once the gate's location is clear,
it could easily be broken.
Around this time of year,
Jujutsu sorcerers always get busy.
And there are Fly Heads
everywhere in the high school.
It must be chaos outside.
I don't have any cursed energy,
just like an invisible man.
But there's a problem.
When I carry a cursed tool,
the cursed enegy within the tool
will give me away.
I'll continue.
I have a cursed spirit
that can store items.
I carry it with the cursed tools inside.
I know what you're thinking.
You think the cursed enegy of
the cursed spirit will give me away?
I make the cursed spirit store
its own body, so it becomes smaller.
Then I swallow it.
An invisible man has
invisible organs, right?
Now I can move freely in the barrier
carrying all the cursed tool.
That's why I didn't use
any cursed tools at first.
I had to be invisible
for an surprise attack on the Six Eyes.
I could kill the Star Plasma Vessel first,
but the risk of being spotted
by Six Eyes is too...
Enough.
It's Heavenly Restriction, right?
I know revealing information can enhance
your abilities, just like sorcerers.
That's not what I asked.
How did you find
the gate to the Tombs of the Star?
We didn't leave any residuals.
The traces left by humans
are not just residuals.
Smell, footprints.
My senses are also stronger
because of the restriction.
You must have met a woman on the way.
What happened to her?
That maid?
She's probably dead.
I didn't mean to kill her
nor spare her life.
She'd still be alive if she's lucky.
I see.
Ultimately, you should...
Die!
That's the hardest Rainbow Dragon.
Cursed Spirits Manipulation...
Just a jumble of scraps.
Say, am I... I...
beautiful?
Imaginary Cursed Spirit...
A simple domain that makes both to be
inviolable untill I answer the question.
Let me think.
I'll just be blunt at a time like this.
You're not my type.
So that's how it goes.
Idiot.
You're doomed.
You're talking about yourself.
Cursed Spirits Manipulation.
The cursed technique to absorb subdued
cursed spirits and fully control them.
If the difference is more than two levels,
I can absorb them just by subduing
without any other condition.
This cursed spirit has a special ability,
but it is not that powerful.
I can absorb it.
I have his weapons.
Now I just need to defeat him by quantity...
Jujutsu sorcerers can't die
from these few cuts.
If you were a Shikigami user,
I would kill you,
but you use Cursed Spirits Manipulation.
I don't know what will happen to the
cursed spirits you absorbed after you die.
I want to avoid trouble here.
You should thank your parents.
But the blessed like you
still lost to me,
a monkey that can't even use Jujutsu.
If you want to live longer, remember this.
Oh, Megumi is...
I almost forgot.
I named him.
THE STAR RELIGIOUS GROUP HQ
HOUSE OF THE CHILDREN OF THE STAR
Take it.
The body of the Star Plasma Vessel,
Riko Amanai. Not a single limb is missing.
Confirmed.
I will pay you the agreed sum
in the way we discussed beforehand.
EXECUTIVE
SHIGERU SONODA
I'll give you a bit extra.
The founder is truly generous with money.
He's not the founder.
Huh?
Are you sure?
You guys already helped out quite a bit,
though that were necessary expences.
I even thought you'd haggle.
We requested the assassination,
but we thought it was a long shot.
We originated in the Nara period.
With the spread of Buddhism in Japan,
Master Tengen advocated morals towards
a minority group, Jujutsu sorcerers.
The realm of sorcery and
religious corporations can't get along.
Born from that distortion
is the current Star Religious Group's
Time Vessel Association.
That's why we consistently
uphold a non-sorcerer stance.
After all, even sorcerers who are allowed
to go beyond their authority
cannot lay a hand on
non-sorcerers in principle.
But now the time had come.
The taboo recorded in our scriptures,
merging of something impure
and the very person
we the Star Religious Group worship
as a monotheistic religion.
In front of the believers,
if we turn a blind eye to merging,
we won't be able to continue.
But if we interfere too much,
we might be eliminated by the sorcerers.
We were desparate.
But now?
We now hold in our hands
everything we could have lost.
That's why we're so
generous with our money.
If Tengen loses control,
the one who won't be able to continue
might be the human society.
If we are to fall with the star,
that's the way it is.
You said they helped out.
Were you referring to Okinawa?
Yes.
Why didn't you kill the maid then?
Didn't I tell you?
Take her somewhere far away and kill her.
Because at that time,
I had roughly understood your plan.
I thought the relief of successfully
rescuing the maid would
further weaken that guy's spirit compared
with the tension of failing to save her.
Don't you often give vague orders
to keep the other party in the dark?
At the end, it worked out perfectly.
Stop pushing me around. I'm just an agent.
But why Okinawa?
That was pretty funny.
You usually use a car
to transfer captives, right?
Public transportation is too risky.
I heard that was the
chairman's private plane.
Still, it wasn't necessary.
Rich people think differently.
Let's use this money to have a meal.
Take me to the place where
you usually entertain clients.
No. I know you don't treat men.
I've decided a long time ago.
Besides work and going to hell,
I don't want to get involved with you.
Hi, long time no see.
Seriously?
Absolutely.
Fit as a fiddle.
Reverse Cursed Technique.
Correct.
The moment you pierced my throat,
I gave up on fighting back and focused
on activating Reverse Cursed Technique.
Cursed energy is negative energy. It can
strengthen the body but not regenerate.
So, multiplying two kinds of negative
energy to produce positive energy.
That's the Reverse Cursed Technique.
It sounds simple,
but I had never succeeded before.
- And I couldn't understand what...
-He's rambling.
Is he...
high?
But before my death, I mastered
the core of cursed energy.
You failed because you didn't behead me
or use that cursed tool to stab my head.
I failed?
The battle is just about to begin.
Is it? Yeah. Maybe!
Cursed Technique Reversal.
Red.
That monster.
Looks like my bones weren't shattered.
That shockwave just now is
Limitless Cursed Technique,
Cursed Technique Reversal, Red.
He injeceted the positive energy
of the Reverse Cursed Technique
into the Limitless Cursed
Technique etched on the body.
First, force of stopping.
The neutral Limitless
Cursed Technique.
Second, force of attraction.
The enhanced Limitless
Cursed Technique, Blue.
Third, force of repulsion.
Cursed Technique Reversal, Red.
All fine with me.
Something's wrong.
No, it's good.
I'll kill you.
I'm sorry, Amanai.
I'm not angry because of you right now.
And I don't hate anyone.
Right now, it's just that
this world feels so good.
Above and below, only I dominate.
The advantage of techniques passed down
is there are instructions for use.
The disadvantage is that the technique
information is easily leaked.
You're from the Zenin Family, aren't you?
That's why you know so much
about the Limitless Cursed Technique.
But this one,
only a very few people in
the Gojo family know it.
Lapse and reversal.
Their infinities collide
and release the imaginary
mass generated from the collision.
Hollow Purple.
Something's wrong.
I don't work for free.
I would usually say this and then leave.
But what appeared in front of me is an
awakened Limitless Cursed Technique user.
And at this moment, he might have become
the strongest sorcerer in modern times.
I suddenly wanted to deny and overturn
the Zenin Family that denied me,
the realm of sorcery, and its apex.
To assert myself,
I did something I usually don't.
From that moment, I had already lost.
Haven't I already given up my pride?
Not respecting myself or others.
Isn't that the way of life I chose?
Do you have any last words?
No.
In two or three years,
my child will be sold to the Zenin Family.
Do as you please.
Mom.
Hug.
You took your time, Suguru.
No, I guess it was quick.
There are so many facilities
of the Star Religious Group in Tokyo.
You're Satoru... right?
What happened?
You've seen Shoko, right?
Yes, she healed me. I'm fine.
No, even if I'm fine,
it doesn't help anything.
I messed up. It's not your fault.
Let's go back.
Suguru.
Should we kill these people?
I probably wouldn't
feel anything right now.
No need. It's meaningless.
They look like just ordinary believers.
The main culprit who knows the realm of
sorcery should have already run away.
Unlike the bounty,
they can't argue in this situation.
This group is inherently problematic.
It will probably disintegrate soon.
Meaning, huh?
Do we really need that?
It's important.
Especially for sorcerers.
The person who first said the unexpected
aspect, did they think humans are cubes?
And the person who first called someone
flimsy, did they think humans are flat?
Next Episode, Premature Death
Either way, there are front and back.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm